Add docs for Azure Federated Identity via Dapr Sentry OIDC (#4650)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md

In order to federate trust, you must be running Dapr Sentry with JWT issuing and OIDC discovery enabled. These can be configured using the following Dapr Sentry helm values:

```yaml
jwt:
  # Enable JWT token issuance by Sentry
  enabled: true
  # Issuer value for JWT tokens
  issuer: "<your-issuer-domain>"

oidc:
  enabled: true
  server:
    # Port for the OIDC HTTP server
    port: 9080
  tls:
    # Enable TLS for the OIDC HTTP server
    enabled: true
    # TLS certificate file for the OIDC HTTP server
    certFile: "<path-to-tls-cert.pem>"
    # TLS certificate file for the OIDC HTTP server
    keyFile: "<path-to-tls-key.pem>"
```

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
The `issuer` value must match exactly the value you provide when creating the Federated Identity Credential in Microsoft Entra ID.
{{% /alert %}}

> Providing these settings will expose the following endpoints on your Dapr Sentry installation on the provided OIDC HTTP port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing these settings exposes the following endpoints on your Dapr Sentry installation on the provided OIDC HTTP port:
```

```
/.well-known/openid-configuration
/jwks.json
```

> You will also need to provide the Dapr runtime configuration to request a JWT token with the Azure audience `api://AzureADTokenExchange`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to provide the Dapr runtime configuration to request a JWT token with the Azure audience `api://AzureADTokenExchange`.
```

> When running in standalone, this can be provided using the flag `--sentry-request-jwt-audiences=api://AzureADTokenExchange`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running in standalone mode, this can be provided using the flag `--sentry-request-jwt-audiences=api://AzureADTokenExchange`.
```

When running in Kubernetes, this can be provided by decorating the application Kubernetes manifest with the annotations `"dapr.io/sentry-request-jwt-audiences": "api://AzureADTokenExchange"`.

> This will ensure Sentry issues a JWT token with the correct audience, which is required for Microsoft Entra ID to validate the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures Sentry service issues a JWT token with the correct audience, which is required for Microsoft Entra ID to validate the token.
```

An example of assigning "Storage Blob Data Owner" role is below.
```shell
az role assignment create --assignee-object-id $APP_ID --assignee-principal-type ServicePrincipal --role "Storage Blob Data Owner" --scope "/subscriptions/$SUBSCRIPTION/resourceGroups/$GROUP/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/$ACCOUNT_NAME"
```

To configure a Dapr Component to access an Azure resource using the federated credentail, you first need to fetch your `clientId` and `tenantId`:
```shell
CLIENT_ID=$(az ad app show --id $APP_ID --query appId --output tsv)
TENANT_ID=$(az account show --query tenantId --output tsv)
```

Then you can create your Azure Dapr Component and simply provide these value:
```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: azureblob
spec:
  type: state.azure.blobstorage
  version: v2
  initTimeout: 10s # Increase the init timeout to allow enough time for Azure to perform the token exchange
  metadata:
  - name: clientId
    value: $CLIENT_ID
  - name: tenantId
    value:  $TENANT_ID
  - name: accountName
    value: $ACCOUNT_NAME
  - name: containerName
    value: $CONTAINER_NAME
```

> The Dapr runtime will use these details to authenticate with Microsoft Entra ID, using the Dapr Sentry issued JWT token to exchange for an access token to access the Azure resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dapr runtime uses these details to authenticate with Microsoft Entra ID, using the Dapr Sentry issued JWT token to exchange for an access token to access the Azure resource.
```
